The Theory of Existence

by Daniell Mesquita (https://daniellmesquita.eth.link/)

If would be possible to have questions without a answer, the whole multiverse wouldn't exist.

The first question of all:
Doesn't exists; exists.

For all questions there is a answer; as the most "stupid"/absurd of all questions (doesn't exist) had a answer (exist).

An practical example about relativization of reason:
Computational programs haves the same codebase in terms of meaning.
Different CPUs other than the target one can interpret it differently and reject; it doesn`t means these CPUs are right and the program wrong.
The minority of humans doesn't admits, but there is:
- The bad and the good;
- The evil and the kind;
- The wrong and the right.
As there is the non-existing and the existing, and existing is what owns; because the non-existing is logically declared by the existing.
Attacking people isn't a answer, but a feedback of reverberating own hurting existential questions.
Answers are, by existential purpose, the truth. Truth can't be relative.
Everything needs to exists, but the non-existing surpassing the existing is not possible to exist; without paradoxes there is no formation of reasoning, and the existence is built of paradoxes.
Sub-conscience powers the conscience. If existential answers aren't naturally present on sub, the top conscience will continuously ask the meaning of life.

The first meaning of life is your existence - as existence is the meaning of everything by simple fact of existing;
The second and permanent meaning of life - which led to the sub-conscience or conscience answers - is your Oxytocin.
As your existence - and the whole Existence - is sacred, the fearless and mindful way you do your existence (without doing evil, but being kind) is also sacred.
“The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion.” ? Albert Camus
Preachers of acceptance should first accept. Accept is understanding. But on relativity, not accepting is accepting and else.
When you do not accept the bad, you're accepting the good.
When you do not accept the good, you're accepting the bad.
Understanding isn't imperatively accepting, but accepting is understanding.
Accepting without understanding and/or without voluntarily agreeing, isn't accepting but obeying.

Dead is being alive harming people about death as a thing to agree.
Death isn't a state of ending the existence, but a transportation to another copy of a existence chain while leaving the previous.
But you don't know in which one of these copies you will spawn, and if it can be worse or no. Would you like if people you love, suicides? When you kill yourself, you violates your upcoming helps to people and how things could be fixed on this copy of existence, plused the fact you don't know if the other copy of existence is worse and harder to fix than this. The purpose of your birth is your unstopping contribution to personal growth and to people's lives.
The major rule of everything is to exist.
Existing is the most "absurd" of all things, and people only believes it when they accept their existence.
When you say a thing doesn't exists just because it is a absurd, you're committing a absurd.

Core principles of Existence

Infinite blockchain

Existence is a different kind of blockchain. It isn't based on a timeline, but a connected circle.
The whole existence and their space-time acts like a infinite blockchain.
When something starts, is because something had ended before. Nothing can start from nothing.
When you see the genesis block, before it there are other infinite blocks.
And the latest block is connected with other newer blocks you cannot see, but they depends upon it.
As for every begin there is a end, for every end there is a new begin.

Temporal traces

If some things exists, its because other things exists.
If every thing has been generated, its because nothing existing had declared it.
Even the not existing needed to exist to be declared as non existing; that generates everything.
If every thing exists to form the space, every thing forming the times are already existing.
More than one of same thing can't exist, but when it isn't existing it needs to exist.
So, in a timing that can't be metered, when there is a certain time on this universe, there is a previous trace of it on another universe, and this time of this universe is a trace of a future time already existing on another universe.
All timelines and spaces are already generated (because they can't be inexistent, everything needs to exist) and are immutably running now. There is not a end or a begin, but everything exists and are working in parallel and connected. But one space-time can't be equal other, and equal things or events can't occur.
Every time (that can't be metered) that passes, you're a different version from yourself. There are different synapsis on your brain and, more widely referring, there are different formations of your atoms. Those things are linked with the time. Using as example, when you paint your hair according to some achievement. Now you're with blue hair, but on other timeline there is the previous version of you with black hair. But that is even quicker: when you're reciting the alphabet, when you're saying "B", there is a previous timeline of you saying "A" (because it can't be inexistent, as everything can't be inexistent and are instantly spawn to existence) and a future timeline of you saying "C" (because to exist a timeline, even you seeing it as current, there were a previous, and your own timeline is also a previous of a future one).
Everything exists at same time in parallel - and connected - but not equal.
All space-time and its variations are already generated, connected to each other in a infinite flow.

Demand

A possibility that a person can't be generated again: is infinite the amount of combination of characteristics to create a unique person?
But even being greater and infinite to our vision, those number of variations can be huge, but aren't infinite.
When all example 100,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 are generated, the demand has been supplied. When there is just a number greater than this, it acts like a reset, and the next numbers are exact as the previous (as the demand needs to be infinitely supplied). There can't be equal things at same space/time.
Like as some stars are dead but new ones are generated, the generation of loads of persons and things is unlimited.
If you can't born again, then you could not born once.

The Theory of Existence - Beyond the physics

Draft made in 3/6/2020 at 05:00 AM.

There is matter. Antimatter is an erroneous name. Matter didn't exceed the antimatter by coincidence "and we are here". Simply the unexisting was declared as existing. Unexisting couldn't declare the existing as unexisting, or it would be declaring the existing as existing, which is a contradiction. But the existing could declare the unexisting as existing, which also permanently declared itself - the existing - as existing. The matter doesn't surpassed the antimatter, but simply all the things exists without any kind of unexistence. It means what is called "antimatter" doesn't exists, as we know it. Don't agree with "observe and change state". Unexisting wasn't observed, but declared not by words, but by energy. Electricity is a chaos formed by contradictions. Contradictions generates force by opposed sides repelling while superpositioning as one.
There is no dark energy. The universe isn't expanding, it is already existing, infinite and without a timeline. It didn't started and doesn't ends. If would had a start, is unexisting, which is impossible. Everything just exist, without dimensional ends or borders. The spacetime is just our view of point about everything which simply exists with no end or start, which also comes from our point of view.

Saying the everything had a start, is limiting the existence to the human vision and limited understanding and measurements. There are different universes with various sizes. No universe can be infinite in size/space because it will begin to generate contradictions; when contradictions happens, the spaces are repelled before splitting. The schondinger cat is just a very rudimentar building block for the study of existence, which is above quantum mechanics. The cat isn't dead-alive at this existence chain, here he is dead being observed or not, but alive in other existence chains also without depending upon observing.
There is no 0 observer thing because it should observe itself for existing. Things aren't created depending on observer, as it isn't simply a paradox or a contradiction but so impossible as unexisting. It is simply a religious ideology covertly inserted into science. As the plain without observers cannot create observers, the unexisting can't create the itself nor the existing. There are no observations, but declarations from contradictions. There is no reasoning thing doing verbal declarations, but the contradictions are vectors for declarations resulting from their repels and repositions which should form forms.
To think everything is formed of matter and particles, is limiting the existence. No one rests in peace; if "peace" is unexisting, there will never have peace. Slowly being a passive-suicidal isn't a lifestyle, but suffering more. Suffer isn't life, but the touch of death. Death is a instant state of transport, which viewers left in a existence sees it as permanent by their limited reach/view scope. Dead is being alive preaching death. What religions sees as death and life, is unexistence and existence. As the death doesn't exists more than the limitation of relative viewers, the unexisting - metaphorically - is the only existing thing to not exist, and the only impossible thing as everything else is possible in their universes when they doesn't contradicts.
Universes are groups of different existing things which doesn't clashes in contradictions. Preaching death as unavoidable is wrong because it doesn't exists more than metaphorically/relatively. Existing is the only certain and unavoidable thing, and the meaning of everything (the so-called "life", which is the existence) is that everything exists; being skeptical to such statement is also skeptism against the very own existence. Universes, with a true classification, are existence chains. Life/multiverse is the existence. So, there isn't life/death/universes/multiverse, but simply the existence and its existence chains which repels each other against contradictions/duplications. Always the things are contradicting (for example, unexisting vs. existing), and contradiction is a movement which forms energy. Life isn't a synonym of existence, but a point of view measured by biology and religion.
Superposition is when a particle is repelled for other existence chain while being entangled. When an particle is superpositioned, it just shows a trace/mirror/shadow of its form in other existence chain, because of the strong call link being made in the act. And when a particle is superpositioned in an existence chain, it can be seen in others. All things in all existence chains are entangled with each other, but with their own variations in properties. Entanglement isn't absolute, but based in properties. Bigger are the common physical properties shared, bigger is the entanglement. There isn't just entanglement as-is alone as absolute.
Everything in an existence chain is relative, and the only absolute thing is the existence. All existence chains and their existing things are relative to each other. No thing can assume more than one position without forming deathly contradictions.

Explaining the existence without the spiritual or physical principles will always concern both science and religion; because of that they're yet limited in saying they cant explain all; which is a longterm, large spectrum passive-suicidal teaching. The only way to understand the existence is, instead of being an specialist, but a generalist.
This book is a draft and constantly updated. I believe on the power of newbies. I'm creating a app (Eventlr) to democratize the programming, bringing it to newcomers. I'm a generalist (not a graduated specialist) and thanks to my speciality leak and passion, I could create this theory which can be considered stranger by scientists, but understandable/tangible to any kind of person.
Updated in 22/11/2020.
